What are the types of supervised learning?
What are the types of unsupervised learning?
When was Python 3.0 released?
How do neurons connect in a neural network?
What are the types of Machine Learning?
What is Artificial Intelligence?
What is probability means?
What is Grammar?
What is training data?
What is testing data?
What is Grammar?
What is supervised learning?
What is unsupervised learning?
Describe the Semi-Supervised Leaning?
What is Python?
What are the methods is Python?
What are the classes in Python?
What is Object Oriented Programming?
What is OOPS?
What is the history of probability?
WHat is conditional probability?
What are dependent event?
What are independent event?
What are the application of probability?
What are the the limitation of ML?
What are the limitation of AI?
What are the history of AI?
Difference between AI and ML?
What are the applications of AI?
Difference between supervised and unsupervised Machine Leaning?
Supervised vs unsupervised vs Reinforcement Learning.
What is bias in ML?
What is bias in Machine Learning?
What is variance in ML?
What is variance in Machine Learning?
What are the libraries of Python?
What is Natural Language Processing?
What is Natural Network?
What is ANN?
What is biological neurons?
What is Propagation Function?
What is Cost Function?
What is Hyperparameter?
Describe backpropagation?
What is Learning rate?
What is the role of SVM classifiers?
What is Backpropagation used for?
What are the good models?
What is multilayer perceptron?
What is softmax activation function used for?
Which is the most popular activation function in neural network?
What is generalization of a model?
What is hypothesis used for?
What are the challenges of AI?
What is the main idea of Min-Max Algorithm?
What is Search Algorithm?
What is regression used for?
What are the regulization technique is used for ML?
What is artificial neural network is used for?
What are the pre-processing technique used in Natural Language?
What are the different tyoes of grammar used in natural language?
What is the difference between Decision Tree and RainForest Algorithm?
What is Decision Tree used for?
When UnderFiting occurs?
When Overfitting occurs?
What is difference between underfiting and Overfitting?
What is logistic regression?
What is K-Mean clustering?
When SVM is better than other model?
When Linear regression is useful?
When logistic regression is useful?
What is the history of NLP?
Difference between rule-based vs statical NLP?
What is semantics in NLP?
What is CPython?
What is numpy is used for?
What is Pyjs is used for?
Who developed the method of least squares?
What is gradient descent?
The first person who has created the concept of perceptron?
The layer which recieves data is called?
What are the classifier algorithm?
What are the learning classifier systems?
How supervised machine learning determine the confidence of a model?
What technique is used for ANN design?
What ate the modes of learning?
What are outliers?
What is Rule-Based learning?
How Deep Learning is used in AI?
What is the role of probability theory in everyday life?
