1. What are the types of supervised learning?
Types of supervised learning algorithms include Active learning , classification and regression.=== Types of learning algorithms ===

2. What are the types of unsupervised learning?
=== Types of learning algorithms ===Types of supervised learning algorithms include Active learning , classification and regression.

3. When was Python 3.0 released?
Python 3.0 was released on 3 December 2008.Python 3.0, released in 2008, was a major revision of the language that is not completely backward-compatible, and much Python 2 code does not run unmodified on Python 3.

4. How do neurons connect in a neural network?
Neurons of one layer connect only to neurons of the immediately preceding and immediately following layers.They can be pooling, where a group of neurons in one layer connect to a single neuron in the next layer, thereby reducing the number of neurons in that layer.

5. What are the types of Machine Learning?
Various types of models have been used and researched for machine learning systems.The types of machine learning algorithms differ in their approach, the type of data they input and output, and the type of task or problem that they are intended to solve.

6. What is Artificial Intelligence?
Artificial intelligence is assisting doctors.Is artificial general intelligence possible?

7. What is probability means?
   where the proportionality symbol means that the left hand side is proportional to  (i.e., equals a constant times) the right hand side asProbability theory

8. What is Grammar?
Grammar inductionSee also: Stochastic grammar.

9. What is training data?
The data is known as training data, and consists of a set of training examples.Semi-supervised learning falls between unsupervised learning (without any labeled training data) and supervised learning (with completely labeled training data).

10. What is testing data?
The UK government has passed legislation to begin testing of self-driving truck platoons in 2018.Meanwhile, the Daimler, a German automobile corporation, is testing the Freightliner Inspiration which is a semi-autonomous truck that will only be used on the highway.

11. What is Grammar?
Grammar inductionSee also: Stochastic grammar.

12. What is supervised learning?
==== Supervised learning ====Feature learning can be either supervised or unsupervised.

13. What is unsupervised learning?
==== Unsupervised learning ====Feature learning can be either supervised or unsupervised.

14. Describe the Semi-Supervised Leaning?
==== Semi-supervised learning ====Semi-supervised learning falls between unsupervised learning (without any labeled training data) and supervised learning (with completely labeled training data).

15. What is Python?
Dive Into Python.Python syntax and semantics

16. What are the methods is Python?
Python methods have an explicit self parameter to access instance data, in contrast to the implicit self (or this) in some other object-oriented programming languages (e.g., C++, Java, Objective-C, or Ruby).=== Methods ===

17. What are the classes in Python?
Old-style classes were eliminated in Python 3.0.In versions of Python 2 from Python 2.2 onwards, both kinds of classes can be used.

18. What is Object Oriented Programming?
This is termed binding the name to the object.Type constraints are not checked at compile time; rather, operations on an object may fail, signifying that the given object is not of a suitable type.

19. What is OOPS?
Couldn't find the answer

20. What is the history of probability?
People from the History of Probability and Statistics (Univ.== History ==

21. WHat is conditional probability?
Conditional probability is written=== Conditional probability ===

22. What are dependent event?
   to eventThe opposite or complement of an event A is the event [not A] (that is, the event of A not occurring), often denoted as

23. What are independent event?
=== Independent events ===If two events, A and B are independent then the joint probability is

24. What are the application of probability?
Another significant application of probability theory in everyday life is reliability.However, when it comes to practical application, there are two major competing categories of probability interpretations, whose adherents possess different views about the fundamental nature of probability:

25. What are the the limitation of ML?
However, most other systems depended on corpora specifically developed for the tasks implemented by these systems, which was (and often continues to be) a major limitation in the success of these systems.

26. What are the limitation of AI?
The AI effectAI is heavily used in robotics.

27. What are the history of AI?
=== History of AI ===For most of its history, AI research has been divided into subfields that often fail to communicate with each other.

28. Difference between AI and ML?
Machine learning (ML), a fundamental concept of AI research since the field's inception, is the study of computer algorithms that improve automatically through experience.I think the worry stems from a fundamental error in not distinguishing the difference between the very real recent advances in a particular aspect of AI and the enormity and complexity of building sentient volitional intelligence."

29. What are the applications of AI?
Many artificial intelligence researchers seek to distance themselves from military applications of AI.Nowadays, the vast majority of current AI researchers work instead on tractable "narrow AI" applications (such as medical diagnosis or automobile navigation).

30. Difference between supervised and unsupervised Machine Leaning?
Supervised anomaly detection techniques require a data set that has been labeled as "normal" and "abnormal" and involves training a classifier (the key difference to many other statistical classification problems is the inherently unbalanced nature of outlier detection).Learning classifier systems (LCS) are a family of rule-based machine learning algorithms that combine a discovery component, typically a genetic algorithm, with a learning component, performing either supervised learning, reinforcement learning, or unsupervised learning.

31. Supervised vs unsupervised vs Reinforcement Learning.
Learning classifier systems (LCS) are a family of rule-based machine learning algorithms that combine a discovery component, typically a genetic algorithm, with a learning component, performing either supervised learning, reinforcement learning, or unsupervised learning.Feature learning can be either supervised or unsupervised.

32. What is bias in ML?
Machine learning (ML) is the study of computer algorithms that improve automatically through experience.=== Bias ===

33. What is bias in Machine Learning?
Concern for fairness in machine learning, that is, reducing bias in machine learning and propelling its use for human good is increasingly expressed by artificial intelligence scientists, including Fei-Fei Li, who reminds engineers that "There’s nothing artificial about AI...It’s inspired by people, it’s created by people, and—most importantly—it impacts people.For example, using job hiring data from a firm with racist hiring policies may lead to a machine learning system duplicating the bias by scoring job applicants against similarity to previous successful applicants.

34. What is variance in ML?
The MSE on a validation set can be used as an estimate for variance.

35. What is variance in Machine Learning?
Machine LearningJournal of Machine Learning Research

36. What are the libraries of Python?
Examples of the use of this prefix in names of Python applications or libraries include Pygame, a binding of SDL to Python (commonly used to create games); PyQt and PyGTK, which bind Qt and GTK to Python respectively; and PyPy, a Python implementation originally written in Python.Libraries such as NumPy, SciPy and Matplotlib allow the effective use of Python in scientific computing, with specialized libraries such as Biopython and Astropy providing domain-specific functionality.

37. What is Natural Language Processing?
As a scripting language with modular architecture, simple syntax and rich text processing tools, Python is often used for natural language processing.To say that code is pythonic is to say that it uses Python idioms well, that it is natural or shows fluency in the language, that it conforms with Python's minimalist philosophy and emphasis on readability.

38. What is Natural Network?
ANNs have been used to accelerate reliability analysis of infrastructures subject to natural disasters and to predict foundation settlements.Dynamic programming coupled with ANNs (giving neurodynamic programming) has been applied to problems such as those involved in vehicle routing, video games, natural resource management and medicine because of ANNs ability to mitigate losses of accuracy even when reducing the discretization grid density for numerically approximating the solution of control problems.

39. What is ANN?
ANN capabilities fall within the following broad categories:Convergence behavior of certain types of ANN architectures are more understood than others.

40. What is biological neurons?
Each connection, like the synapses in a biological brain, can transmit a signal to other neurons.An ANN is based on a collection of connected units or nodes called artificial neurons, which loosely model the neurons in a biological brain.

41. What is Propagation Function?
==== Propagation function ====The propagation function computes the input to a neuron from the outputs of its predecessor neurons and their connections as a weighted sum.

42. What is Cost Function?
==== Cost function ====The cost function can be much more complicated.

43. What is Hyperparameter?
=== Hyperparameter ===A hyperparameter is a constant parameter whose value is set before the learning process begins.

44. Describe backpropagation?
==== Backpropagation ====Backpropagation is a method to adjust the connection weights to compensate for each error found during learning.

45. What is Learning rate?
==== Learning rate ====Even after learning, the error rate typically does not reach 0.

46. What is the role of SVM classifiers?
Otherwise, if no matching model is available, and if accuracy (rather than speed or scalability) is the sole concern, conventional wisdom is that discriminative classifiers (especially SVM) tend to be more accurate than model-based classifiers such as "naive Bayes" on most practical data sets.Other widely used classifiers are the neural network,k-nearest neighbor algorithm,kernel methods such as the support vector machine (SVM),Gaussian mixture model, and the extremely popular naive Bayes classifier.

47. What is Backpropagation used for?
In 1973, Dreyfus used backpropagation to adapt parameters of controllers in proportion to error gradients.==== Backpropagation ====

48. What are the good models?
In reinforcement learning the agent is rewarded for good responses and punished for bad ones.Model-based classifiers perform well if the assumed model is an extremely good fit for the actual data.

49. What is multilayer perceptron?
The multilayer perceptron is a universal function approximator, as proven by the universal approximation theorem.Rosenblatt (1958) created the perceptron.

50. What is softmax activation function used for?
The softmax activation function is:By assigning a softmax activation function, a generalization of the logistic function, on the output layer of the neural network (or a softmax component in a component-based network) for categorical target variables, the outputs can be interpreted as posterior probabilities.

51. Which is the most popular activation function in neural network?
By assigning a softmax activation function, a generalization of the logistic function, on the output layer of the neural network (or a softmax component in a component-based network) for categorical target variables, the outputs can be interpreted as posterior probabilities.The softmax activation function is:

52. What is generalization of a model?
But if the hypothesis is too complex, then the model is subject to overfitting and generalization will be poorer.The bias–variance decomposition is one way to quantify generalization error.

53. What is hypothesis used for?
==== Strong AI hypothesis ====These learners could therefore, derive all possible knowledge, by considering every possible hypothesis and matching them against the data.

54. What are the challenges of AI?
Games of imperfect knowledge provide new challenges to AI in the area of game theory.== Challenges ==

55. What is the main idea of Min-Max Algorithm?
This idea, called transhumanism, has roots in Aldous Huxley and Robert Ettinger.Dick considers the idea that our understanding of human subjectivity is altered by technology created with artificial intelligence.

56. What is Search Algorithm?
An algorithm is a set of unambiguous instructions that a mechanical computer can execute.A complex algorithm is often built on top of other, simpler, algorithms.

57. What is regression used for?
Classification algorithms are used when the outputs are restricted to a limited set of values, and regression algorithms are used when the outputs may have any numerical value within a range.When dealing with non-linear problems, go-to models include polynomial regression (for example, used for trendline fitting in Microsoft Excel ), Logistic regression (often used in statistical classification) or even kernel regression, which introduces non-linearity by taking advantage of the kernel trick to implicitly map input variables to higher dimensional space.

58. What are the regulization technique is used for ML?
Machine learning (ML) is the study of computer algorithms that improve automatically through experience.This technique allows reconstruction of the inputs coming from the unknown data-generating distribution, while not being necessarily faithful to configurations that are implausible under that distribution.

59. What is artificial neural network is used for?
An artificial neural network consists of a collection of simulated neurons.Using Artificial neural networks requires an understanding of their characteristics.

60. What are the pre-processing technique used in Natural Language?
As a scripting language with modular architecture, simple syntax and rich text processing tools, Python is often used for natural language processing.To say that code is pythonic is to say that it uses Python idioms well, that it is natural or shows fluency in the language, that it conforms with Python's minimalist philosophy and emphasis on readability.

61. What are the different tyoes of grammar used in natural language?
requiring all of the different types of knowledge that humans possess (grammar, semantics, facts about the real world, etc.)The grammar for natural languages is ambiguous and typical sentences have multiple possible analyses.

62. What is the difference between Decision Tree and RainForest Algorithm?
In decision analysis, a decision tree can be used to visually and explicitly represent decisions and decision making.In data mining, a decision tree describes data, but the resulting classification tree can be an input for decision making.

63. What is Decision Tree used for?
In decision analysis, a decision tree can be used to visually and explicitly represent decisions and decision making.In data mining, a decision tree describes data, but the resulting classification tree can be an input for decision making.

64. When UnderFiting occurs?
Classification is used to determine what category something belongs in, and occurs after a program sees a number of examples of things from several categories.

65. When Overfitting occurs?
Classification is used to determine what category something belongs in, and occurs after a program sees a number of examples of things from several categories.Besides classic overfitting, learners can also disappoint by "learning the wrong lesson".

66. What is difference between underfiting and Overfitting?
But if the hypothesis is too complex, then the model is subject to overfitting and generalization will be poorer.Overfitting is something to watch out for when training a machine learning model.

67. What is logistic regression?
When dealing with non-linear problems, go-to models include polynomial regression (for example, used for trendline fitting in Microsoft Excel ), Logistic regression (often used in statistical classification) or even kernel regression, which introduces non-linearity by taking advantage of the kernel trick to implicitly map input variables to higher dimensional space.==== Regression analysis ====

68. What is K-Mean clustering?
Examples include dictionary learning, independent component analysis, autoencoders, matrix factorization and various forms of clustering.Unsupervised learning algorithms take a set of data that contains only inputs, and find structure in the data, like grouping or clustering of data points.

69. When SVM is better than other model?
Other widely used classifiers are the neural network,k-nearest neighbor algorithm,kernel methods such as the support vector machine (SVM),Gaussian mixture model, and the extremely popular naive Bayes classifier.Otherwise, if no matching model is available, and if accuracy (rather than speed or scalability) is the sole concern, conventional wisdom is that discriminative classifiers (especially SVM) tend to be more accurate than model-based classifiers such as "naive Bayes" on most practical data sets.

70. When Linear regression is useful?
Its most common form is linear regression, where a single line is drawn to best fit the given data according to a mathematical criterion such as ordinary least squares.Inductive logic programming is particularly useful in bioinformatics and natural language processing.

71. When logistic regression is useful?
When dealing with non-linear problems, go-to models include polynomial regression (for example, used for trendline fitting in Microsoft Excel ), Logistic regression (often used in statistical classification) or even kernel regression, which introduces non-linearity by taking advantage of the kernel trick to implicitly map input variables to higher dimensional space.Inductive logic programming is particularly useful in bioinformatics and natural language processing.

72. What is the history of NLP?
== History ===== History of AI ===

73. Difference between rule-based vs statical NLP?
I think the worry stems from a fundamental error in not distinguishing the difference between the very real recent advances in a particular aspect of AI and the enormity and complexity of building sentient volitional intelligence."Beyond semantic NLP, the ultimate goal of "narrative" NLP is to embody a full understanding of commonsense reasoning.

74. What is semantics in NLP?
The semantics of these are captured as description logic concepts, roles, and individuals, and typically implemented as classes, properties, and individuals in the Web Ontology Language.Beyond semantic NLP, the ultimate goal of "narrative" NLP is to embody a full understanding of commonsense reasoning.

75. What is CPython?
CPython is the reference implementation of Python.Enhancement of the language corresponds with development of the CPython reference implementation.

76. What is numpy is used for?
It is intended to be used by libraries such as NumPy for matrix multiplication.Due to Python's extensive mathematics library, and the third-party library NumPy that further extends the native capabilities, it is frequently used as a scientific scripting language to aid in problems such as numerical data processing and manipulation.

77. What is Pyjs is used for?
Pyjs and IronPython can be used to develop the client-side of Ajax-based applications.Pyjs compiles Python to JavaScript.

78. Who developed the method of least squares?
Its most common form is linear regression, where a single line is drawn to best fit the given data according to a mathematical criterion such as ordinary least squares.Other approaches or processes have since developed that don't fit neatly into this three-fold categorisation, and sometimes more than one is used by the same machine learning system.

79. What is gradient descent?
The weight updates can be done via stochastic gradient descent or other methods, such as Extreme Learning Machines, "No-prop" networks, training without backtracking, "weightless" networks, and non-connectionist neural networks.However, batch learning typically yields a faster, more stable descent to a local minimum, since each update is performed in the direction of the batch's average error.

80. The first person who has created the concept of perceptron?
Frank Rosenblatt invented the perceptron, a learning network with a single layer, similar to the old concept of linear regression.Ivakhnenko's 1971 paper describes the learning of a deep feedforward multilayer perceptron with eight layers, already much deeper than many later networks.

81. The layer which recieves data is called?
The layer that receives external data is the input layer.The connections are called edges.

82. What are the classifier algorithm?
An SVM training algorithm is a non-probabilistic, binary, linear classifier, although methods such as Platt scaling exist to use SVM in a probabilistic classification setting.Learning classifier systems (LCS) are a family of rule-based machine learning algorithms that combine a discovery component, typically a genetic algorithm, with a learning component, performing either supervised learning, reinforcement learning, or unsupervised learning.

83. What are the learning classifier systems?
A classifier can be trained in various ways; there are many statistical and machine learning approaches.Both classifiers and regression learners can be viewed as "function approximators" trying to learn an unknown (possibly implicit) function; for example, a spam classifier can be viewed as learning a function that maps from the text of an email to one of two categories, "spam" or "not spam".

84. How supervised machine learning determine the confidence of a model?
Supervised learning algorithms build a mathematical model of a set of data that contains both the inputs and the desired outputs.Learning classifier systems (LCS) are a family of rule-based machine learning algorithms that combine a discovery component, typically a genetic algorithm, with a learning component, performing either supervised learning, reinforcement learning, or unsupervised learning.

85. What technique is used for ANN design?
Neural architecture search (NAS) uses machine learning to automate ANN design.== Network design ==

86. What ate the modes of learning?
Two modes of learning are available: stochastic and batch.==== Modes ====

87. What are outliers?
Anomalies are referred to as outliers, novelties, noise, deviations and exceptions.

88. What is Rule-Based learning?
Rule-based machine learning approaches include learning classifier systems, association rule learning, and artificial immune systems.Learning classifier systems (LCS) are a family of rule-based machine learning algorithms that combine a discovery component, typically a genetic algorithm, with a learning component, performing either supervised learning, reinforcement learning, or unsupervised learning.

89. How Deep Learning is used in AI?
In the 2010s, advances in neural networks using deep learning thrust AI into widespread public consciousness and contributed to an enormous upshift in corporate AI spending; for example, AI-related M&A in 2017 was over 25 times as large as in 2015.The study of non-learning artificial neural networks began in the decade before the field of AI research was founded, in the work of Walter Pitts and Warren McCullouch.Colloquially, the term "artificial intelligence" is often used to describe machines (or computers) that mimic "cognitive" functions that humans associate with the human mind, such as "learning" and "problem solving".As machines become increasingly capable, tasks considered to require "intelligence" are often removed from the definition of AI, a phenomenon known as the AI effect.

90. What is the role of probability theory in everyday life?
Probability theory is applied in everyday life in risk assessment and modeling.Another significant application of probability theory in everyday life is reliability.

